Make property attributes of getter, setter, method syntax explicit (#30947)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/functions/set/index.md

## Description

> In JavaScript, a setter can be used to execute a function whenever a specified property is attempted to be changed. Setters are most often used in conjunction with getters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In JavaScript, a setter can be used to execute a function whenever an attempt is made to change a property's value. Setters are most often used in conjunction with getters.
```

Reviewer: Does this work? The original wording was a bit awkward.
